well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about uh
the president's attempts
to change the story his attempts at
deflection
and why those attempts don't
really seem to be working why
this time the american people
aren't following his distractions aren't
aren't falling for his deflections
i'm no political strategist i'm
certainly no lindsey graham
but i think i can provide a little bit
of insight in
to uh why this isn't going to work this
time
if you missed the news yesterday the
president was shown
to have been willfully deceiving the
american people in regards to the
severity of the current public health
crisis
it appears he has settled on two
specific
lines of deflection the first
is bringing up the possible withdrawal
from afghanistan
nobody really seems to care and
people seem to be
less than receptive to this news
i'm going to suggest that it's not in
the president's best interest
to talk about that right now because all
it really does
is draw attention to the fact that due
to his ineffective leadership
his inability to lead and his willful
deceit
we lost more people in the last few
months
than we did in almost 20 years
of armed conflict there and by more than
to be really clear i mean like
almost 50 times as many
i'm not sure i'd be drawing attention to
that if i was him
the other distraction
is his supreme court suggestions
one of which is tom cotton
tom cotton is an individual who during
the
recent unpleasantness in the cities
suggested sending in
the u.s army to restore order
specifically the 101st
and when questioned on it he doubled
down
and said and if necessary
the 10th mountain 82nd airborne first
cav third infantry making sure to name a
whole bunch of huge units to get
everybody's attention
so everybody sees the next part and
knows exactly how tough he really
is he then goes on to say
whatever it takes to restore order i'm
going to stop here
and suggest that if somebody
would advocate the use of the us army
rather than the national guard
to restore order in a u.s city they
probably
shouldn't be on the supreme court
this is especially true if the next two
words
are no quarter
for the uninitiated those who i don't
know were never briefed on war crimes
no quarter is exactly what it sounds
like you do not provide quarters
housing to your opposition in the event
they attempt to surrender
you just deal with it there on the field
i'm not sure that i feel 100
comfortable with a man who advocated the
extrajudicial execution of american
citizens
making determinations about inalienable
rights
this may be why the american people do
not care about his distractions right
now
now to be very clear and to make sure
that i'm not doing what the president
wants everybody to do and chase this
shiny ball away from the royal story
to recap yesterday
woodward famed journalist of
half a century released uh some
audio from a series of interviews he did
with the president
in which the president openly said
that he was downplaying the severity
of the public health crisis
specifically in regards to how it is
transmitted
which means the american people were
denied
hearing their president advocate for the
things that
would have helped mitigate it such as
masks
the president's willful deceit cost
tens of thousands of american lives
there's no way around that and that's
the story
that's the news this other stuff
who he might suggest for the supreme
court
you know a possible withdrawal
that's not news the news
is a bunch of bags that are full that
didn't have to be
and that's the president's fault and bob
woodward
had the receipts anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day